IAM --Identity access Management
Root account will control the below things.
--IAM Permissions
--Billing
--Resources.

users:
#create IAM user user_naveen and through thatlogin.
 --> try to access a s3 bucket.
---> create policy and attach that policy to naveen_user now you are able to access the s3 bucket.
Groups:
#create a demo_group and add the users to that group.
--add the policies at group level,Hence all the users can inherit the properties from group.

AWS Organizations:
------------------
From the root account will create sub aws accounts,we can create OU(Organizational Units).eg:Dev,Qed,Prod
--If we don't want to impact with other teams will go with isolation environments .

AssumeRole:Assume role is a powerful feature in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) that allows users or applications to 
temporarily obtain the permissions associated with a different role. This is useful for various scenarios such as granting temporary access, 
delegating permissions to different AWS accounts, or performing cross-account access. 

user  + Role + Policy.
1.create test_user
2.create a role--aws account--add permissions --amazons3fullaccess--role-name(s3-full-access)
3.go to test_user--add permissions--inline-policy--json
{
	"Version": "2012-10-17",
	"Statement": [
		{
			"Sid": "Statement1",
			"Effect": "Allow",
			"Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
			"Resource": "arn:aws:iam::992382502754:role/s3-fully-access"  //ARN of s3bucket role.
		}
	]
}
use the console url and access the temporary access.

Task: Bastion Server or Jumphost server.

Bastion and Jump Server are both tools used for secure remote access to servers and networks. 
#Bastion acts as a secure gateway for accessing servers and requires users to authenticate before gaining access. 
#Jump Server, on the other hand, is a dedicated server that acts as a middleman between the user and the target server, providing an additional layer of security. 
 While both tools serve similar purposes, Jump Server offers more control and monitoring capabilities, making it a preferred choice for organizations with stricter security requirements.

AWS Inspector:
-------------
Amazon Inspector is a security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. 
It automatically assesses applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices.
Inspector scans EC2 instances and container images in Amazon ECR for known vulnerabilities, unintended network exposure, and insecure configurations.
